Your Majesty, the Empress Dowager must be in poor spirits due to her illness recently.
Don’t take her words to heart.
I don’t hold any grudge against the Empress Dowager.
The Empress Dowager is also acting for the sake of the palace's harmony.
Your Majesty, don’t let the conflict between me and the Empress Dowager affect you.
I understand, but I still feel that the Empress Dowager
seems to be putting on a show.
Not to mention that we were once allies,
even if she doesn’t like me taking sole charge,
she shouldn’t be so overt about it.
After all, she was the previous champion of palace intrigues.
It is a bit strange.
But this is human nature.
Your Majesty should still find time to accompany the Empress Dowager more.
I understand.
Your Majesty.
Shen Wuqiu requests an audience.
Your Majesty, I visited Divine Turtle Mountain.
Divine Turtle Mountain is the primary source of facial reconstruction techniques.
I found that the local residents are terrified when they talk about it.
Legend has it that this ancient technique
can drive people to madness and death.
Now it is nearly lost to history.
He probably wouldn’t dare to use it recklessly now.
I called you here today
to discuss a more important matter.
Your Majesty, please speak.
This concerns the Empress Dowager and cannot be delayed.
I will certainly do my utmost.
Ah, right.
Your Majesty, I have one more thing to report.
On my way back,
I saw many impoverished people suffering from the plague.
They said that the southern region is severely affected.
What did you say?